# You've reached 1-800-dial-a-script

This is a random collection of helpful stuff I use and always stick in my ~/bin 
directory.  Some are original, most have been stolen.  I tried to retain citations
the originals where possible.

I wasn't really sure of the best way to maintain this to make it easier for others
to use.  This is a repo of my ~/bin directory where I just add the useful stuff for
posterity sake.  You could just copy them where you like, or send me a suggestion about
how this would be more helpful to set up if you have any ideas.

If you stumble across this and find it useful, I'd love to know about it.  I'd also be happy
to incorporate any improvements or additions you care to offer.  You can send them to me directly,
or fork and send a patch via a pull request.

## Somewhat incomplete list of current goodies:

* rails-commands
  * stolen from [rails-cmds](http://github.com/bry4n/rails-cmds)
  * shortcuts for the standard stuff under the script directory of any rails project.

* shell\_method\_missing
  * stolen and modified from [the peepcode blog](http://blog.peepcode.com/tutorials/2009/shell-method-missing)
  * acts as a method\_missing type operation for the command line
  * rather than try to keep the list here in two places, if you want to see the types of operations available, run shell\_method\_missing with no arguments and get the list from the usage statement but it handles things like cloning git repos, running tests, pulling down and untarring files, etc.

* git-track
  * sadly I have no recollection of where this one originally came from.  If you were the originator, I'm sorry I will be happy to make restitution and grant credit where it's due.
  * Sets up the tracking stuff for a local git repo based on the local branch name.
  * After pushing a branch, or the initial repo push, just run "git track" and it will connect all of the dots.

* [gist](http://github.com/defunkt/gist) -- command line tool for creating gists

* mysql goodies
  * current-mysql-settings.sh
    * Dumps the current mysql settings for your database
  * mysql-tuning-script.sh
    * Suggests changes to your my.cnf settings file based on current usage.  This works best after your database has been running for a while.
    * Taken from [http://www.day32.com/MySQL/]()

* quix
  * jw-quix.txt file is my customized version of a command file for [Quix](http://quixapp.com/)
  * General Quix info
    * [Quix Syntax](http://quixapp.com/help/syntax/)
    * [Default command file](http://quixapp.com/quix.txt)
  * Dailyburn commands
    * db - Takes you to the Dailyburn homepage
    * pt - Pivotal Tracker homepage
    * lr - Takes you to the locker room for the given user
    * flag - Flags page for forum posts and images
    * sup - Support site
    * supo - Support pending tickets -- oldest first
    * supn - Support pending tickets -- newest first

* setup directory
  * Contains the pertinent details about my initialization files.
  * bashrc-* files are snippets from my .bashrc that show different parts for setting up pieces of my environment
  * Most should be self-explanatory and usually contains a comment as to how to install/configure them

* misc directory -- Miscellaneous things I want to track to use on other projects and had no other place to put
  * dates.rake -- Very useful rake task for dumping out defined date formats
